hello everyone in this video I'm gonna
show you how to make the Vietnamese
fresh spring rolls and a super delicious
dipping sauce for this dish firstly we
bought pork belly with a teaspoon of
salt when it boys you turn the heat to
medium-low and cook for 25 to 35 minutes
depending on how thick you look at a pro
case you can test to see if it's cooked
by piercing through the myth using a
chopstick if no rare order coming out
meaning is ready to soak the making
coral to avoid it from blackening and
keep the broth for later use after that
you cut the pork into thin slices like
this
[Music]
next we'll fry the prawns without any
oil on medium heat for one to two
minutes until they turn orange and peel
and devein them
[Music]
okay next you cut the prongs into two
hands vertically and remove the black
lines if we still there now we bring a
saucepan of water to boy and cook the
rice vermicelli three to five minutes
following the package instructions and
drain now your so on to wash it again
under cold water to stop the rice Remy's
away from the cooking further
lastly we cut the cucumber into vertical
slices about a finger long
okay so we have everything ready for our
role I also have washed the vegetables
more than three times and drained it
very well we also need a pan of warm
water to soften our rice paper to start
the assembling process we dip the rice
paper into the water evenly give it a
little shake to get rid of the excess
water and lay it on a flat surface by a
plate or a killing board we place the
vegetables in a row across the center
living around two to three inches on
each side two cucumber slices two slices
of pork and two shrimp halves at the end
remember to keep the orange side of the
shrimps facing down now we roll one to
two rounds first then fold both sides
inward you can also include some Kies at
the end like they normally do it in
Vietnam and then roll the wrapper gently
but tightly certainly see the veggies
the part of the poem nicely sharp
mineral ok so just repeat with the
remaining ingredients
let me demonstrate it once more time
other ingredients on top
and roll one to two rounds before
offering up bone sighs gently but
tightly to slide the way you hug your
sweetheart okay now let's make our
special dipping sauce my ingredients are
peanut butter pasta sauce and garlic
this special sauce will contribute a
whole lot to the success of the dish so
in a heated pan you add 1 tbsp of oil
and fry 1 tbsp of garlic until golden
brown then you add 5 tablespoon of
hoisin sauce
and 5 tbsp of broth which was a from
boiling the pocket earlier then add 1
tablespoon of peanut butter
and finally one tablespoon of sugar stir
we're off and simmer the sauce for one
to two minutes until it's thickened
transfer to condiment boards and top up
with Ming's fresh chili and crushed
peanuts and served so one bite of spring
roll
would be a perfect combination of all
the ingredients together with the
perfect sauce that we make mmm yummy if
you're going on a picnic you can wrap
the freshman rows in the plastic wrapper
so that the rice paper won't dry out or
stick to each other have fun and good
nabbit it thank you for watching bye bye